I about to spend $20,000 in the next 5
minutes buying the most minimalist Tech
on the planet so that we can find out if
it actually does turn your life into a
Zen Paradise or if it's all just a fancy
way of charging you extra for stuff that
actually does less minimalist laptop the
HP Spectre fold it seems like it
transforms into so many different form
factors it's a laptop that's all screen
what about the most minimalist TV what
on Earth is this the LG easel TV oh it's
transformed between two different states
when you see it in images like this it's
definitely the kind of vibe I had in
mind
5,899 wait LG does a briefcase it's a
27in touchscreen a cinema experience
wherever you go is that a dumb idea or
is that a really intelligent idea well I
am having a whale of a time here LG has
a table that is also an air purifier I
mean this is absolutely beautiful oh it
has color options no
no they have board ape versions of their
hyper minimalist Arrow Furniture oh God
that is awful I'm going to pretend that
doesn't exist I'm just going to buy the
white one okay let's get something non
LG that would be good phone oh God that
looks awful it looks like a remote for
your thermostat the Light phone 2 oh
their website is uh kind of naughty
definitely sells you on that vision of
being completely unplugged it will never
have social media clickbait news email
an internet browser or any other anxiety
inducing infinite feed it's strange
isn't it we're living in an age where
products are actively boasting about all
the things they don't do I mean is this
such thing as a minimalistic gaming
console oh the play dat it's a tiny new
handheld gaming system with a bunch of
brand new games also every game is
custom made for the playd are they just
going to be like really basic you kind
of assume that when it's got a black and
white screen I'm not sold on this but I
also think there was enough hype around
the launch of it that it feels wrong to
just write it off we should try it let's
do minimalist speakers audio is always
my favorite part of these videos the
Samsung Music frame a speaker that
blends in beautifully with your home
designed to look just like a picture
frame does look incredibly clean so it
looks like bang and olivon is pretty big
in this space Oh this is interesting
they're picturing it in a bookshelf next
to books and it's smaller than them fits
in anywhere and reaches you everywhere
in the room with full range Ultra wide
sound that's a claim that we have to
test let's see what the cleanest record
player is the wheel to plays records
from the back so all the technology is
sitting underneath the record and that's
all you see that is minimalistic it
looks like they've compacted so much
technology that should take up so much
space into a tiny little piece but it
still does the same thing if not more
that's true minimalism at least that's
what I tell Ria boy oh the company
actually has different tiers they've got
the white wheel and then the black wheel
we reserve time to hand build just 5 to
10 of these per month this is so
unbelievably exclusive kitchen gadgets
oh there's balmuda products balmuda
makes a teapot lightweight and perfectly
sized doesn't need to be any bigger they
also do a toaster which we already have
and then the Brew which is coffee oh wow
so this is apparently the temperatures
that all the different steps of making
coffee have to occur at for the
scientifically perfect coffee that is a
lot more than your typical mispro
machine xiaomi makes a smart cooking
robot your master that allows you to
effortlessly enjoy a variety of
delicious foods where has this been my
whole life it's basically saying that it
can do all of your kitchen functions in
one machine yeah if we're saying the
entire purpose of minimalism is to get
as many functions as possible into one
device I think we have a winner oh Yanko
design completely forgot about this site
but I've realized this is literally what
this video is and I definitely should
have just started with it eliminate the
middle man and eat on the very thing you
cooked your food on this is speaking to
my soul there's a battery free Aroma
diffuser o it just looks so tactile and
satisfying and then there's a
spork that looks terrible oh yeah Zero
Tolerance Machining desk toys it's
basically toys that are so precisely cut
that you can't actually see the seams
like when you put them together it will
just look like one continuous object
$100 though is nutty for a tiny little
toy the pack it's actually really funny
like 50% of minimalist products are just
named the something like yes we get it
you're very cool and efficient with your
words oh my god look how it
opens that is cool Final thing will just
be if there's any kind of minimalist
workout equipment the R2 hot sail wa
it's a treadmill that's well I guess
literally just the treadmill that is
absolutely awesome and it folds so you
just tuck it away when you're not using
it why are they giving me a kiss well
the product looks good so that's the
important thing oh the except PayPal
good just on the off chance I get
scammed
hey that's probably
Fair 9 days is how long all of this
stuff took to arrive so I mean even the
wait times are minimal oh and also we
have found the most peaceful property
ever to film this in it's very exciting
come let me show you so let's go roughly
from least expensive to most expensive
starting at $70 with the frying plate
which is either genius or terrible and I
haven't worked out which yet okay not a
great first impression are those oil
marks now in theory this is very me I am
so the kind of person who would give up
some eating Comfort to be able to have
less washing up to do wow these are
going to be some oily eggs but see
there's two things that would normally
stop me from eating my meals directly
from a pan one because I might burn
myself or the table that I'm eating from
but also two that by stabbing it with a
fork there's a very good chance that I
am actually taking off the non-stick
coating and eating it so this is
uncoated for that reason but then then
does that make it a terrible pan okay so
even without a non-stick coating it is
actually pretty non-stick the edges of
the egg do need a little bit of prying
but then this is the key feature so with
one hand I should be able to slide that
back and take it off that's my plate and
I'm slightly scared that it's going to
be like
1,000 yeah that's boiling hot that
could well burn through any normal
surface that you would eat your food on
so already that's a big problem right
you need well in my case oven mitt don't
like the sounds it makes but it's the
eating practicality that I have the
problem with because permanently having
to approach your plate from this angle
just so you don't sear through your
entire arm it does slightly cut into the
enjoyment of your food plus also this
basically only works if you're one
person cooking for one person so three
out of 10 rough start the zero tolerance
Machining toy kind of fascinates me I
mean the idea of paying nearly $100 for
a fidget device feels crazy to me so
what on Earth could it possibly do that
makes it worth that I mean from from a
technical perspective this is quite
impressive when these two parts do slot
together the seam does actually
basically disappear and to create
something with zero gaps like this you
can't just use a traditional Toy Factory
like this piece wasn't cut with a blade
because the blade itself would create
its own Gap what you effectively have to
do is to vaporize the space in between
these two pieces using the heat
generated from Rapid electrical
discharges okay but then as something
that you actually having to spend your
hard earned money on I'm not going to
lie I find this whole category of
executive desk toys just a little bit
cringe like the idea of these highflying
business people who earn so much money
that they can't just play with normal
toys and they in fact have to spend $100
on something with the same entertainment
value as an empty bag of crisps and this
is actually the other part of the
problem because this thing is so
precisely machined once this piece comes
out it is stupidly hard to get it back
into place genuinely only goes in if you
precisely match the direction of the
Grain on both parts and then does let me
and I stop it earning money because I'm
spending all my time trying to put my
fidget toy back together I think it
actually has to be a zero out of 10
technically buy their own admission I'm
much more hopeful about the play date I
fully remember when this thing launched
and people all over Twitter went pretty
Bonkers over it it's this very strange
blend of retro gaming console but
instead of being made with cheap creaky
plastic like most consoles are premium
Hardware oh yeah and a
crank wait this thing's
tiny this is definitely among the
smallest mobile devices I've ever used
whoever was posing in the photos on the
website has extremely small hands also
the crank actually tucks into the body
of the device that's pretty cool
engineering you know when I first saw
this thing I thought this was how you
charge up the device I'm actually very
glad that's not the case that would be a
nightmare this is actually one of your
controls to be able to play games with I
will say it is a very pretty piece of
tech surprisingly so the buttons feel
really satisfying the screen is only
black and white it gets noticeably more
readable as I tilt it up toward WS the
light but anyway the most important
question on my mind is is it fun okay so
the UI is definitely much more
responsive than you expect it to be
based on how the thing looks does feel
like it's running at a full 60 frames
per second yeah it's got really smooth
animations but really retr Graphics so
it's got this weird past meets future
vibe to it I don't know how I feel about
this crank to be honest like I totally
respect the need to be different but
it's just making my hands ache and I
can't imagine this being the way that I
want to play games on like a long
airplane in flight for example and let's
try casual burer oh this is really weird
it turns your device into a camera and
then you use the crank to focus that
camera so I'm
unfocused and then I'm focused one thing
this unique control scheme means is that
you're definitely not playing games
you've ever played before this isn't
like a retro emulation device but I just
I don't think it's for me so there's
only two games on here right now but the
way this works which is actually quite
cool to be fair is they stagger them so
they give you two games every week for
the first 12 weeks of owning it and
that's all included with the price I
guess they stagger it to let you
appreciate each game before giving you
the next one but it's just playing on
something like this really makes me
realize that me personally I actually
don't want minimalism in my games I want
more buttons I want more power or
failing that just multiplayer and I
think for more people something like the
Miu Mini Plus has much more appeal so
this is something I only found out about
a couple of weeks and when you boot it
up it is basically every single retro
console and then you click into one
let's say the PS1 and there are so many
games it is just nutty uh one of my
favorites growing up was crash team
racing the shoulder buttons on the back
it is genuinely the entire PlayStation 1
experience and I'm not even super sold
on this I'd still rather play something
like the Nintendo switch with its modern
games but I see it I see the Merit of
something like this whereas I really
struggle to see the Merit of this the
battery scent diffuser is well I guess
it's the minimum required Tech to
achieve diffusion I got to say I am very
much enjoying the unboxing experiences
so far I guess it is one thing that you
can bet on Minimalist designled
companies definitely getting right it's
quite nice to see a product that isn't
actually over engineered like this uses
really simple physics to the point where
you can actually see the entire process
in action so essential oil goes in the
back here obviously I picked eucalyptus
it's the only right choice oil goes
behind the fan you light the candle and
then essentially this glass tube is
going to direct as much of the heat
energy from that candle onto this steel
surface at the top and then hopefully
that heat energy is going to be
transferred over towards the fan which
can use it to then start turning and
diffuse those oils around your room I
saw twinges of movement oh oh look at it
oh my God that is beautiful there's
something so elegant about the fact that
there's no batteries there's no cables I
made that happen with this little candle
the only question then is is this all
theatrics or is this actually better
than sticking oil in a candle and just
lighting it okay so let's stick this in
one of the rooms like that oh it really
is pretty and then in room number two
it's going to be just the candle and I'm
literally just going to pour drops of
oil on top of it and what the other
diffuser was saying is that doing it
this way would cause the essential oils
to burn and therefore not actually
preserve their scent let's come back to
it and find out moving up to $300 now
for this price you can actually replace
your phone with a minimalist equivalent
so this is the light phone 2 that we
bought and again like the play dat the
thing's microscopic but unlike a lot of
the products so far which could just
neatly fit into your existing lifestyle
switching your phone is a big commitment
so what can this do it can text okay oh
you have to type sideways I guess
they've decided that that's the only way
you can comfortably type on a screen
like this and it's not too bad it's a
little bit less responsive than you're
probably used to and the autocorrect
kind of suckss it connect as a Wi-Fi
hotspot it's got Bluetooth it's got a
headphone jack on the top so it's got
your music covered it does say it has
directions what does that even look like
on a phone like this God this is so
clunky you have to keep rotating it
every single time it's pretty
slow by the way it's acting you'd think
I just asked it to solve physics not ask
for walking directions oh but it does
give you some semblance of Google Maps I
assume it is not a good way to use it
though Cy cuz this is an e Inc screen
screen so it doesn't have smooth
animations it has to reender every
single thing on screen every time it
changes but this will be fun let's see
what the call Quality is like oh yeah
here's another problem I was just about
to call my mom but she's in India right
now so I would have normally WhatsApp
called her there is no WhatsApp here
Dom oh hi Domino we're big fans could we
get some pepperoni
[Music]
pizza yeah okay it's functional for
calls it does have a speaker phone it's
not particularly loud now we got some
pizzas on the way I'm slightly torn with
devices like this because I see the
appeal you know a phone that weighs
nothing it could disappear within your
pockets plus it does seem to be getting
quite a few software updates from what I
can see it's just that for most people I
don't think it does quite enough to
replace your smartphone like you can't
browse the internet and the music yes it
has a headphone jack but you can only
use it if you're willing to manually
upload your songs one by one to the
Light phone dashboard there's no Spotify
there's no apps apart from the super
basic calculator alarm and maps that
doesn't really work very well as a map I
just feel like if you actually wanted to
properly switch off how is this any
better than just a Nokia brick phone
it's not like you're getting Cutting
Edge Hardware that still makes it feel
like a modern smartphone I mean the last
time they made a new model of this was
2018 and then if you don't want to
completely switch away from your phone
but you just want to dial down the
amount you use it there are so many
minimalist apps now that can actually
just restrict what you can and can't do
but just to a sensible level instead of
downgrading so hard that you might not
actually be able to contact someone that
you need to feels like a 4 out of 10 to
me now I still can't quite believe I'm
saying this but what costs even more
than a phone well the teapot no really
we spent $300 on the balmuda teapot it
is cheaper in the us but we get slightly
screwed here in the UK so this really
better be the best teaing experience
I've ever had now there's a couple of
problems that they're claiming to have
fixed here compared to a normal peasant
kle one is the design and and yeah I
mean it's pretty hard to argue with that
one this is our $10 Kettle and compared
to that this definitely has a much nicer
stone-like finish everything snaps into
place in quite a tactile way that feels
very secure and also the fact that I
feel like I could rub this for a little
bit and get three wishes and while
obviously no one needs a pretty Kettle
no one needs a neon tube filament style
bulb as your indicator I can see why
people would want one on on now there's
a lot of people and I am one of these
people who really enjoy the ritual of
making tea and coffee it's the slow
grinding the gentle pouring the sights
the smells The Sounds it's an experience
and I think this is designed for someone
who appreciates that that one is kicking
off right now I feel like relative to it
it makes the balmuda sound
silent oh wait what that one
finished barmuda hasn't finished that's
hilarious I feel like this is one of
those things where the cheap kettle has
one purpose and that's to get to the
destination as fast as possible and it
does that but this is actually almost
concerningly quiet now the second perk
of this is apparently the fact that it's
got less capacity than most kettles
which is a strange thing to label as one
of your headline features less capacity
for your benefit now if I had to guess I
would say that took twice as long as the
other Kettle which if you look at the
spec sheet is inexcusable for something
this expensive so so far this is not
exactly a strong case for the baluda but
there is one thing that might be able to
save it unprecedented pouring Comfort
was across the website so let's find out
that's basically laminar flow or in
other words the gooseneck shape of the
kettle allows water to come out so
smoothly that it acts like a still
object and it's completely silent okay
yeah that's earned back a couple of
points that felt pretty good I have to
say it's still absolutely not forever on
but for the people who appreciate it I'd
give that a seven okay let's see if the
scent diffusion actually worked start
with my hodg Podge
version uh I can smell a hint of
eucalyptus but if you told me that no
eucalyptus was here I would also believe
you okay now for the Fancy Pants leay
Aroma
diffuser oh that's that's quite
immediate I can notice it it's not a
massively strong eucalyptus smell but
it's almost got this smokiness to it
it's definitely made more of an impact
to this room than the candle alone which
if you combine with how obscenely
aesthetic it is to look at I think earns
it a nine one thing with balmuda they
are a Japanese company so it's pretty
hard to get their stuff here and that
seems to be a bit of a theme with
high-end minimalist Tech cuz LG's Aero
Furniture range as well is Hong Kong and
Singapore only maybe there's just more
demand for minimalism in East Asian
countries I don't know why though
because in concept I feel like this
could be useful for anyone like I have a
ton of allergies and they are constantly
working together to keep my nose at 99%
congestion throughout my sleep so I have
one of these massive filters in my room
just sucking out those and the dust I
think a lot of people could benefit from
filters and I think they just don't use
them because they admittedly do look
like monolithic garbage cans but
this so you can order pizza on your
light phone too what am I doing sorry I
was saying this is a table this is the
entire purpose so it's got a fulls size
heer filter inside that's good need to
make sure I actually unbag it before I
start using the filter it's got vents
all around actually to take in particles
from 360 which is also a plus Point
there's also funnily enough in this box
here a UV light that kills bacteria on
the fan blades so whether or not the air
coming in is clean you can be sure that
the air coming out is clean one thing we
need to test is how loud is the thing
okay so there's different fan speeds
here all the controls are on the bottom
as well which makes a lot of sense given
that it's meant to be a table so that's
at maximum it's pretty loud but that's
okay you actually want your purifier to
be able to go high what I'm more
interested in is what would be the
average normal operating volume volume
wait is this still on yeah it's
definitely on but all you have to do is
to move one foot away from it and it's
pin drop silence I don't actually have a
pin to test that but one thing you can
rely on me always having is a Sim
ejector
tool I heard that oh yeah and this is
also a wireless charger which is telling
me 1 hour 24 until I'm back to Max
battery so it's not the fastest kind of
wireless charger but it's also not the
slowest oh and also there is actually a
ring of mood lighting underneath I mean
as much as I don't love the idea of
having a whole extra app that I need to
control the ACT lighting itself
transitions very smoothly although the
app is a little bit slow and I suppose
the other probably more underrated
benefit is that if you turn up the
setting it's actually just a fan too
it's actually kind of refreshing to
stick in my hand here it's getting a
very strong 9 out of
10 n out of 10 that could have been
worse at $400 then or the equivalent of
625 if you're in the UK you seeing a
theme Here is Samsung's brand new frame
speakers now I'm not personally someone
who Minds the way that speakers normally
look but I can also see the appeal of
what's effectively promising invisible
sell so we can actually put the easel TV
where I'm sitting when we get to that
but for now let's focus on this so first
impressions extremely heavy bigger than
I was expecting and also thicker than I
was expecting it's also a little
disappointing that this is literally
just paper you know when I first saw it
on the website I thought oh maybe it's a
a screen that will allow you to put
anything on it or at the very least like
a backlight so that it brightens up your
image it means that really there is no
Tech here apart from the speaker which
just means it's a very expensive speaker
and it needs to prove itself but one of
the more appealing parts of this is I
should be able to play music and then
just tap
somewhere the app is telling me to press
the volume down button I am pressing the
volume down button oh something went
wrong yeah this is just not working and
the app sucks I think we're just going
to have to do this over Bluetooth just
to hear the sound quality if nothing
else oh there we
go so one's working and I think we're
just going to have to take it as is
let's see how it sounds around the room
so one thing it does really well is the
volume fall off is not high at all it
sounds almost as loud here as it did
when I was sitting right next to it but
the sound is it's just okay it's good
amateur sound but you're not hearing
those glistening high notes that you
might on higher end speakers but there
is one thing that I am very interested
to test so on Samsung's website one of
the things they said about these
speakers is they have ai enhancement
technology to make voices sound better
and I know most of these AI features are
just marketing bliff but this one is
interesting because I've been listening
to a lot of high-end Hi-Fi sound systems
over the last few weeks and one of the
things you notice is it doesn't actually
matter how high-end those sound systems
get if the track being listened to is
not recorded in the perfect environment
which you come to realize is most of
them then it's not going to sound good
even on the best speaker system but a
speaker that uses AI to actually enhance
the Basse recording well that could get
around that
[Music]
bottleneck yeah I mean it's okay it's
fine it's
nothing the way I would put it is if you
absolutely want a set of loud Bassy
speakers and they absolutely have to be
invisible then maybe this is the way to
go but for the vast majority of people
you can do better with something else
but now we're getting to the real juicy
stuff grish and I have actually been
trying to put together the perfect 3-day
getaway bag for years now so our bag
that comes in a bag couldn't have come
sooner please be good please be good
please be
good uh initial Impressions not the best
so this is ballistic nylon on the
outside and then this is Rip stop Nyon
on the inside it's the kind of material
that you get on those extreme outdoor
clothes and while it might well make it
very durable we're going to test that in
a little bit what it does not do is make
it feel plush and comfortable and
luxurious not helped by the fact that
none of the tape actually came off
properly and is still very much stuck
onto the bag it feels like this really
weird mix of ultra futuristic design I
mean like look how the thing opens when
do you ever see that with some very
cheap plasticky mechanisms that don't
actually give me any confidence in how
it's going to hold up in the long term
okay so this is the dedicated sunglasses
area I love the idea of this but then
there's no safeguards in place which
means that if I just like tip the bag
upside down and try and open it now yeah
look doesn't open properly
there's quite a few well positioned
Pockets so there's one here which is a
nice one for passports there's one down
here
for something you don't want other
people to find and then this is quite
cool they've actually carved out a
physical area for bottles but then
covered it with a stretchy fabric so it
looks flush when there's nothing in it
but then if I put the drink in it kind
of Nestles itself around it which is
pretty neat you absolutely cannot knock
the fact that there are lots of cool
ideas going on here even just the fact
that they advertise this as being a dock
for your laptop open it
first and then you probably need
something to lean on but even if I had
that it's like a it's like a vertical
work setup this is not how I would
choose to use my machine and then you're
also banking your entire laptop's health
and safety on some very unassured
foundations but the durability feels
like it's meant to be the biggest
selling point so sunglasses play dat put
some clothing and a notebook in the main
pocket and then in place of my MacBook a
plank of glass just because I've been
burned very recently literally 2 weeks
ago I dropped my actual MacBook while it
was in a bag that I don't think is
nearly as secure as this so the entire
hinge is now misaligned and it's
extremely sad lock it up and then this
right here is a double lock they call it
the two- Factor authentication and it
does kind of work but it's another one
of those things where if it's halfway
along you can actually still open the
bag so I wouldn't trust it with anything
all right let's put it on ooh okay
couple of things actually so the straps
feel like memory foam they're actually
pretty nice as far as scraps go and one
thing the bag is doing quite well is
taking a lot of the weight off my
shoulders like this doesn't feel nearly
as heavy as it should considering how
much stuff is in it and now we see what
it's made of three 2
one oh God but you saw that I mean the
mechanism just opened by itself so the
sunglasses they're okay the plank of
glass yep that's intact the play dat
alive and well and the light phone just
about working as well as light phones do
so I think the bag has earned the right
to be able to say that it can protect
your stuff in the short term but it's
just I have severe doubts about the long
term like technically during this drop
the bag was locked it kind of feels like
the definition of a five out of 10
products so we've made the perfect
balmuda tea already but now it's time
for the coffee experience which is much
more involved and hopefully much more
rewarding now to give you a little bit
of context I love coffee I'm just I'm
just a little bit basic with it I either
have an instant coffee at home because
it's quick or if I'm out I'll go to
Starbucks because they have nice places
to sit I've never sprung for something
like this cuz I've always just assumed
it would be too much work for not enough
payoff but then this is really
interesting because can this change my
mind I really like how it tells you
exactly what size cup of coffee you're
going to get with the amount of water
you put in smart design Bara goes in
there filter into the
funnel I do like how all the pieces
don't just fall into place they snap in
place and also how this will not
actually start making coffee until all
of these pieces are in position oh I
love how simple it is I guess it makes a
lot of sense cuz you'd be doing this
before you've had your coffee okay so
it's going to start by I see him heating
up the water I think that's the same
sound effect that the toaster uses when
it's cooking your bread it's good that
it's simple because it's definitely very
easy at this Enthusiast grade price for
it to not be like we're talking
something that can distribute water with
a Precision of 0.2 ml so this right here
is meant to mimic a trained barista's
poro the technique you know the way the
water has this kind of soft pter patter
on the coffee I can definitely see the
appeal of waking up to that in the
morning I could also see something quite
nice about going off and doing your work
at this moment and then just leaving it
to finish making your coffee but just
listening and smelling okay so the first
part of the process is now finishing and
what it's doing at this point is this is
called bypass pouring it's basically a
completely separate stream of finishing
water that's added directly into the
serving carf on one hand it does seem
just like much ad do about nothing but
it's all about temperature control of
the coffee beans getting the beans hot
enough to be able to get the best flavor
out of them without getting them so hot
that you burn them which according to
balmuda happens at 187 F let's do a
quick instant coffee for a
comparison y That's What I drink every
morning see what it looks like oh
interesting it's distinctly smoother
looking like almost much purer than the
muddiness of the instant
[Music]
coffee oh it's got the entire flavor of
the coffee and it's really strong and
Rich but then it suddenly cuts it cuts
before the the bitterness hits and my
brain's almost expecting that bitterness
to come in but it doesn't so you don't
drink black coffee at all see if this is
drinkable for you a little bit fruity
with a little bit of sugar that is
actually really nice okay I mean as far
as the experience and the flavor of the
coffee goes this is an outstanding
product the only thing on my mind is
this is going to be a fair bit of work
washing up because it's going straight
to the caraffe and not into the cup that
you're going to be drinking from you've
got to wash this you've got to wash this
and there's no bean grinder here so
there's going to be a whole extra
separate piece of equipment that you
also have to buy and maintain I'm going
to give it a nine it's folding treadmill
time but while this thing did look
absolutely Bonkers minimalistic in the
photos I do have some concerns about the
practicality so the thing is quite a bit
bulkier than it looked on the website
but to be fair it's got wheels and the
wheels actually make the transportation
job not a problem feels like it's got
some pretty solid latches to hold
everything in place and then I assume
this just falls
into okay oh yeah so one thing they were
very careful to uh minimize was the size
of this thick boy cable that you have to
plug in at all times it definitely does
make it a little bit less clean but then
again to be fair considering that we
currently have a treadmill sitting in
our living room right now it could be a
lot worse so this thing goes up to 6 km/
hour in Walking mode and then up to 12
km/ hour in a separate running mode
which actually makes quite a lot of
sense because you wouldn't want to be on
walking mode without your handlebars and
suddenly accidentally reach 12 km/ hour
and what I'm on right now is apparently
automatic walking mode so it's actually
working out how fast I'm walking and
making sure the treadmill is exactly
ready for my steps so let me try the
fastest steps I can and it's creeping up
in speed okay yeah it's at 6 km I maxed
it out so what if I now try and slow
down this is the scary part oh my God no
I don't think it's adapting quite fast
enough it's splitting the treadmill into
three zones the front the middle and the
back if it detects that your feet are
often hitting the front it knows that
you want to go faster and if it detects
you're spending a lot of time on the
back it knows you need to slow down so
it'll probably take a little bit of
getting used to to know exactly where
each Zone starts and ends but there's a
definite safety problem here unless of
course you use the handlebars but then
does that slightly defeat the
minimalism and now feels like a pretty
good time for the TV what have we done
oh yeah the box was about two times the
already massive size I was expecting it
to be I'm pretty sure this is the
biggest thing I've ever unboxed and yes
I spent 10 minutes getting through the
entire packaging only to realize that I
unboxed it all upside down so yay me
although one cool thing is because this
comes with the cover off you get to see
the insides of a TV speaker system so
that's pretty neat okay I think that's
on but more importantly what on Earth
does a
$75,000 Ultra minimalist TV even
do okay that's
cool feel like I'm walking down into the
basement Hotel
Spar well part of it is the style this
is designed to look and prop up against
your wall kind of like an easel but I'm
just trying to decide right now if that
actually makes any sense I will give it
this the TV actually does look a lot
prettier than I was expecting it to and
the screen quality the color saturation
it's all beautiful it's just why do I
want a TV that persistently looks like
it's one light Breeze away from serious
Collateral Damage I mean technically it
won't be because LG actually recommends
that even when it's in this slanted
position it's actually drilled into the
wall but then at that point why does it
need to be an easel from everything
we've seen so far there is no functional
benefit to having this as opposed to
just wall mounting your TV but there is
one thing that could change that so when
you turn the TV off it's going to enter
what they call line View
[Music]
mode so this is taking advantage of the
fact that you technically have a
scalable amount of screen on show this
is your TVs always on display
effectively but what I'm curious about
is how much you can customize it oh
that's funky and then you can also
display those in front of some
interesting looking architectural
wallpapers is this just a grand waste of
electricity then it also gives you the
option for music oh that's quite a neat
way to actually display music in your
house there's cool ideas here there's no
doubt about that but I just can't shake
the feeling that this is basically a
slightly worse version of rollable TVs
that completely disappear when you're
done with them I see it as a product
that's trying to be a clear part of the
Smart Home you know this kind of piece
of furniture that's a little bit alive
it's a pretty tough product to rate
because it is a spectacle and if you
like it you can't get that anywhere else
but as far as the core value for money
proposition it's basically like a 2
Grand TV with a funky transforming
mechanism that makes it 7 and 1/2 Grand
so on that scale it's a 6 out of 10 now
as for the treadmill I'm quite impressed
with how quiet it is like this is me
running at 8 km per hour and you don't
hear it that much thanks to the
brushless motor on the inside it's
really neat design and love that it's
got wheels I love that it folds up but
this sucks and there's a couple of areas
here like the massive diagonal scene
going across the track where you're
reminded that this is not the highest
quality product and like given that this
is the structure that my safety tag is
attached to you can see there might be a
problem there so yeah I wouldn't feel
comfortable recommending this to someone
who wants to do some serious running but
if you just want something minimal that
can be well minimized and tucked away
under your desk when you're done with it
there is a decent amount of Merit to it
so I'd give it a 7 out of 10 and well
speaking of things that have been
minimized the Gap in subscribers between
us and apple right now is less than
400,000 and when we overtake them we are
going to build the most maximal iPhone
ever created so thank you for helping us
we are definitely in the super premium
price here at this point definitely
where bang and ol ofsome belongs I've
not really used any of their stuff over
the years primarily because it just
always seems to me extraordinarily
expensive for what it is like this
speaker is literally the dimensions of a
book but I paid the equivalent of
$11,000 for it now we find out if it's
worth it I have to say though it really
does feel like it is challenging you to
believe that it can't fill the room with
high quality sound while promising that
it can thanks to active room
compensation technology these are
configurable buttons so you can pick a
song or a playlist that you want to
activate when you tap any of them
nothing about the shape or the size of
this gives me confidence that it's going
to be able to pull this off
okay it has a thump to it that's for
sure there's already something going on
there but defies its size let's get up
and walk
around there's a definite harshness to
it there's a definite limitation that
you feel compared to a bigger speaker
that has a bigger dedicated subwoofer
that smacks you with deep bass it's good
sound but you're paying to have that
sound in the small package if you just
want pure audio quality you can do
better than that for
$1,000 now I am not the best at cooking
I'm pretty happy to admit that but that
actually makes me the perfect person to
test the xiaomi cooking robot cuz well
can this save me uh can we also talk
about how unbelievably massive this is
and why on Earth it needs to come in
about 12 separate individually wrapped
Parts okay but the key question that we
need to answer is while obviously an
enormous piece of Kit is this better
than the alternative drisha being the
alternative so we're both cooking a
cheese risoto using the same recipe oh
this is actually pretty cool so when you
go into a recipe it tells you the tools
you need for it it tells you the
ingredients you need for it and then
that is the step-by-step guide how did
we end up doing it this way where you
get the machine and I get the I'm the
typ guide so it says add the shredded
cheese to the pot first I need a pot
this is my pot all right I have a pot so
how much cheese do we need 50 g I got a
bit too much it is cool that it shows
you an image of what your result is
meant to look like and it's already pre-
readed the action that I need to press
now I just see if it actually works
oh wow this is very well shredded cheese
so it says add the chopped onion butter
and the olive oil to the pot and this is
great because in real time it's telling
me exactly how many of those grams I
have currently put in wo okay so it says
cover with a measuring cup and then it's
going to rotate and cook it for me oh
it's like warm buttery oniony goodness
okay so reverse rotation speed one was
it sorry I don't listen to instructions
anymore I just let my robot do the
talking alert wait I that's just it's
saying it's done ooh look at this okay
that smells amazing mine doesn't quite
smell like that right now so add 320 G
of risoto rice this is able to tweak
things so minutely like now it's cooking
specifically for 1 minute at 100
instead of the 120 that it was cooking
for before right so then it's one big
final cook so start cooking and we'll
come back to it you carry on how much
cooking much cooking and while we wait
there's something about briefcases isn't
there there's something very elusive
about people walking to work with a
briefcase and a briefcase only I guess
they make what's inside seem important
and worth protecting but I mean in the
case of LG's briefcase you have a very
real reason to want to protect it cuz
this is a 27in touchscreen LCD monitor
and I guess the rest is battery who
okay oh my God who so it goes to any
height and then also pivots based on the
angle want to look at it from this says
Dolby Vision Atmos which means I assume
this part is speakers that's a very
interesting Prospect the idea of
carrying your entire Cinema in one go
and I realize it seems incredibly
excessive but I can also think of quite
a few moments where I've wished that
something like this existed like the
Nintendo switch for example so many
times I've taken this thing to places
that don't have an external screen to
plug into and so you end up in a
situation where you pull out the
kickstand and it's four people crouched
around a 7in display okay so what better
way to break the screen in than with a
quick smash with my arch rival Arch
Smasher
Joseph oh no no no no no no no no no
this is not representative one thing
I'll say for absolute certainty there is
a massive amount of input lag here
probably why you're losing right yeah
yeah yeah this is definitely not
designed for gaming the screen looks
quite impressive from a distance but up
close you can absolutely tell that it's
a 1080p panel I'd say it's a pretty
respectable audio experience while it is
cool that you're getting this allinone
experience experience you're paying
$1,200 for it and this is not a $1,200
monitor are you still going R finish
him
no oh dear now one thing though that
might make this a little bit more
interesting is home this is LG's home
menu and it's not a full-blown Android
device it doesn't have access to
everything like your phone does but it's
pretty good as far as TVs go so it's got
entertainment things like Channel 4 ITV
and then also game which is a
combination of 10% of games that you'd
actually probably quite enjoy and 90%
that you wouldn't want to touch with the
barge pole we can play a full game of
chess obviously we wouldn't be craning
this way because we'd be playing it when
it's flat it's not a super slick
polished experience it's actually the
opposite of the play date in a lot of
but it's functional if you really want
to play a game of chess on a 27in screen
sitting on a beach you can do that but
that's actually part of the problem
because the website's very strange it
says that it has up to 3 hours of
battery life and then in the same breath
that you can watch movies while on the
beach with 3 hours of battery life as an
absolute upper limit it's a bit of a
stretch to say that you can watch
multiple movies there's Netflix there's
Prime video there's also though Tik Tok
TV and I think yes
wow that's a sight when have you ever
seen anyone do this before like I'm not
going to lie I do find this really cool
but at the same time I feel like if that
is what you're going to be using this
for you have made a terrible purchase
the specific thing that it does that
nothing else does it does really well
it's just that there aren't many people
for who that is for
$3,700 is how much we spent on the black
wheel record player and I know the
rational part of my brain keeps telling
me records make no sense in today's age
I'm already paying Spotify and tile for
my music digitally this record player
connects to the same speakers that my
phone already connects to and there must
be software by now that can make my
phone recreate the sound signature of
records and yet just like with the tea
in the coffee there is something just so
alluring about the manual process of
slipping out the vinyl of gently sort of
placing it on top and then clasping this
magnet in place and then you want to
know how to turn it on you just Spin and
you will actually see oh my goodness me
look at the arm it slowly comes out this
is one of the smoothest operating pieces
of technology I think I've ever
interacted with you can see it edging
towards the first track there you go oh
so this right here is the volume dial
that feel feel so satisfying and I love
the way it displays itself using these
tiny little LEDs wait but also this
record player very clearly understands
the tracks within the vinyl I've just
placed on it and it's allowing me to
navigate to the exact points in those
tracks that I want it's putting my vinyl
player at home to shame and the way
they've done this interface is so subtle
but clever because there's no screen
here so all of your information is
coming from tiny little LEDs that are
lit up to different levels of brightness
and you can actually see how the arm is
moving across the viney as I navigate
and that's a really good thing because
you have to control it using this device
there's no remotes and I feel like this
is kind of a bit of a theme with these
minimal products I came into this video
expecting them all to basically be the
things that you're used to but easier
but it's kind of the opposite they're
often actually more manual and less
seamless but the perk that I'm noticing
is that that manual encourages you to be
mindful when using them to really be
aware of how the things work and to
interact with them in a way that allows
you to appreciate them more like I feel
like if I listen to music on this I'm
going to listen to that music much more
intentionally than if I was just on my
Spotify discover weekly there is no
doubt in my mind that this is a highly
over engineered product like it even
goes to the extent of understanding if a
vinyl you've placed on there is Warped
and then adjusting how it plays that
vinyl back accordingly but it's done
like that so that you the user you only
have to focus on the best parts of the
vinyl
experience oh
yeah I so see it I so see being curled
up next to a fire with a hot tea and a
vinyl it's an extremely expensive way
almost unnecessarily expensive way to
get that experience but for someone who
appreciates it this is a product that
has no compromise we said to ourselves
before filming this video that anything
that scores above a nine is coming with
us to our new
house
9.1 as for what laptop a minimalist
would use well I have no regrets about
the choice we made I think it's got to
be the laptop that's just one completely
seamless uninterrupted screen oh they
actually include the keyboard and oh the
pen too although the fact that I'm so
surprised by this does show how dire
things have gotten with modern tech
companies okay I mean this 17-in IMAX
OLED folding display there's no beating
around the bush this is an impressive
site to behold so what does that mean
this can do well I believe yep that's a
kickstand so let's say you get back home
and you're parked up on your desk this
effectively becomes a 17in all-in-one PC
and I realized 17 in isn't massive in
the scheme of monitors but it feels
enormous when I'm sitting right here and
then the keyboard and the trackpad they
automatically pair and they work
completely wirelessly and for data day
tasks like zipping through documents and
stuff it's pretty nippy it's not like
uber satisfying to type on cuz you know
this is pretty low profile stuff we're
talking about but highly functional but
then also let's say I want to use this
like most people use their normal
laptops this should just yeah it snaps
in place on the bottom and can you see
the screen actually adapts around where
the keyboard fits in
wait what that shouldn't have
happened never in my lifetime of
reviewing Tech okay let me just finish
talking about this and then then I'll
get to that so what I actually think is
really smart is it's not just that the
keyboard and the pen magnetically
attached to it they also magnetically
charge like this so the only thing that
you need to worry about topping up is
just the tablet itself I do think
there's big benefits to having all your
devices as one device like it's so cool
that the same machine I can do do all my
typing on I can use as a full-size
sketch pad to draw out what I want our
future office to look like okay let's
see what an IMAX video looks like the
idea of having a media experience like
this just chilling on an airplane is
kind of enticing cuz as well as
everything else this is fully able to
display HDR video funny enough this is
actually banging olison speakers but
it's really loud it's only at 30% volume
right now oh man I really really really
want to like this thing but there are
just a few too many problems it's buggy
the hinge is not at all strong enough to
support what's actually a very heavy top
half of screen but then on top of that
to achieve a form factor like this
compared to a traditional laptop you
have to go for a much smaller battery
and then because of that you have to go
for a much lower power chip oh yeah and
the whole device literally has two USB
ports on it I'm trying to load up a game
hell div is 2 to show you it's taking so
long it's running at about 2 frames per
second I mean yeah this is almost
definitely the most unplayable
experience I've had in recent memory
like you know they normally say that the
equipment you use is only 10% of the job
I don't see any way that you would be
able to go online on this thing and not
get obliterated as much as I love the
idea of this in the end I don't think it
makes much sense because it's only
affordable for people willing to pay Pro
pricing but people willing to pay Pro
pricing who aren't actually themselves
Pro because as soon as you try to do
anything Pro on it it strangles to a
halt 5 out of 10 speaking of which
though my internet at home comes from
Virgin Media and you know it took me 2
and a half years of being with them for
me to realize they've actually been
throttling my connection oh my God mine
looks amazing okay mine is like looks
like scrumbled egg got a really great
consistency and it turns out this is a
pretty common thing because I download
and stream lots of videos internet
providers they can actually without even
telling me just reduce how much
bandwidth I'm getting so that they can
keep everyone's internet connection
stable now that might sound incredibly
Noble but the only reason that they have
to do that is because these companies
don't invest enough themselves to be
able to give all the customers the
speeds that they're actually paying for
but I also realized in the same stroke
that the only reason Virgin Media would
even know who I was is because my IP
address was public so as soon as I
masked my IP address with surf shark VPN
and I became Anonymous in those High
Network traffic times where previously
my ISP would have tried to rob me I have
sometimes noticed my speed going up and
that's just one of a seemingly
NeverEnding list of reasons why I
subscribe to Surf Shar VPN I don't
enable it all the time but it's just
saved my butt so many times that I do
not know what I would do without it and
with the code boss it is literally Less
Than 3 a month for an unlimited number
of accounts with an extra 3 months for
free and a money back guarantee all
right let's go in for the taste test so
drisha your risotto is looking a little
gloopy I have to
say it's quite starchy it feels like the
risotto and the sauce have Blended
together to become one I'll try the
machined one
now I know it's going to sound like I'm
just saying it but that is way way
better I would give this a four I would
give this an eight wow oh go oh that was
really good that xiaomi robot is Way
Beyond what I was expecting obviously
there's a limit to how many recipes
you're going to be able to get installed
on that but for the ones it has that's
an easy 9 out of 10 experience bear in
mind I've never made risoto in my life